# Memorypedia
**Project idea** 

Memorypedia is a collaborative web experience about collective and personal memory, where with a simple and instant interaction, users can contribute to a continuously growing visual narration of words and images.

**Context of use**

This project is designed as a collaborative experience, for sponsoring the Italian Festival della Memoria, that revisits a simple parlour game focusing on the psychology concept of involuntary memory, that is our capability of creating links between different worlds by referring to our own experience. The result is a chain of words and pictures, generated by all the contributions coming together.

# Design Challenges
The app corporate image is simple but effective. We chose two colors: a light yellow for the background and a strong purple for the logotype and the main text in the web pages. For the typography we used two contrasting fonts, a serif one called Nanum Myeongjo, loaded from Google Fonts and a grotesk one, Helvetica. 
The design interaction is intuitive and minimal for a better experience. The web app is structured into 8 pages:
* Homepage;
* About, an info page about the project;
* How to collaborate, a page who explain how to collaborate;
* Introduction, where users can read a small introduction;
* Instructions, a page where users are told how to collaborate;
* Last contribution, here the user can see the last contribution and decide how to collaborate, with a word, a picture or a drawing;
* Add contribute, is divided into three parts based on the contribution that the user want to add;
* Final page, here the user can see the entire chain of words, pictures and drawings composed by other users contributions.

# Code Challenges

# About
**Team members**

Alessia Arosio 
Irene Casano
Soraya Astaghforellahi
Fatemeh Goodarzi

**Course**

Creative Coding 2020/2021
Politecnico di Milano - Dipartimento di Design
Faculty: Michele Mauri, Andrea Benedetti, Tommaso Elli



